Adds guidance about CLI for Microsoft 365 context (#4505)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/user-guide/using-cli-context.md

# Use CLI for Microsoft 365 context

> CLI for Microsoft 365 context provides unique functionality to save any kind of option and its value in a central place. The options saved in the context may be used in any kind of command execution, that way you may provide less or no options at all, which means using a context will help you save on keystrokes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI for Microsoft 365 context provides unique functionality to save options and their values in a central place. The options saved in the context may be used in any kind of command execution. This means you may provide fewer options or no options at all. Using a context will help you save on keystrokes.
```
Some sentences shorter.
Removed one instance of 'all kinds of'.

It may be especially If you just want to separate and group all your parameters from your script in a single place.
A context is saved in a m365rc.json file in your working directory. It can be committed to Source Control along with your script files. It can be managed by executing commands.

## How to get started

> In order to create an empty context we may execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an empty context we may execute the following command:
```

Removed superfluous words for better readability.

```powershell
m365 context init
```

To add or update an option in the context use the `m365 context option set` command. The `name` is used to define the option name and `value` is used to define its default value. For example, if we want to set the option `listTitle` to `test list`, we should execute:

```powershell
m365 context option set --name 'listTitle' --value 'test list'
```

To remove a specific option from the context we can run:

```powershell
m365 context option remove --name "listTitle"
```

In order to remove the full context we may execute the following command:

```powershell
m365 context remove

```

## How does it work

> When a command is executed CLI will first check for the `.m365rc.json` file in the working directory. If present, the CLI will check if any of the options defined in it may be used for the currently executed command. If that's the case the CLI will execute this command with the option and its value taken from the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a command is executed, the CLI will first check for the `.m365rc.json` file in the working directory. If present, the CLI will check if any of the options defined in it may be used for the currently executed command. If that's the case the CLI will execute this command with the option and its value taken from the context.
```

# Use CLI for Microsoft 365 context

> CLI for Microsoft 365 context may store any kind of option and its value. 

Reviewer: Could you expand a bit on what a context is and why it is useful, before going into how it works?

Author: ok I added more details

> ## How does it work

Reviewer: This section seems to me more of a TL;DR section that you would include at the end.

Author: sure. moved to the bottom just before the example. or should this be also below the example chapter 🤔

> CLI for Microsoft 365 context provides unique functionality to save any kind of option and its value you might use for any command. The options saved in the context may be used in any kind of command execution, that way you may provide less or no options. It may be especially useful in scenarios where you many times use the same option in multiple commands or you would like to group all commands parameters in a single file that are used in the a script file.

Author: > I found this paragraph a bit wooly :-) And also, I think its maybe smart to mention the m365rc file at the beginning.

You are aware that the first version of this doc actually had the info about `.m365rc.json` at the beginning 😅 and your advise was to move it at the end 😉

> CLI for Microsoft 365 context provides unique functionality to save any kind of option and its value you might use for any command. The options saved in the context may be used in any kind of command execution, that way you may provide less or no options. It may be especially useful in scenarios where you many times use the same option in multiple commands or you would like to group all commands parameters in a single file that are used in the a script file.

Reviewer: The entire struxture of the post needed changing then. It's already a lot better, right? 

Anyway, I found the remark on the file rather late now. But I'm not sure on this point. Let me think on it.

> CLI for Microsoft 365 context provides unique functionality to save any kind of option and its value you might use for any command. The options saved in the context may be used in any kind of command execution, that way you may provide less or no options. It may be especially useful in scenarios where you many times use the same option in multiple commands or you would like to group all commands parameters in a single file that are used in the a script file.

Author: sure I agree... My comment was not about adding this info but more rather to point out a funny thing that something that got removed in first review will come back in the end 😉

When a command is executed CLI will first check for the `.m365rc.json` file in the current directory (this is where the context is saved once you set any option). If present, CLI will parse the context object and check if any of the options defined in it may be used for the currently executed command. If yes CLI will execute this command with the option and its value taken from the context. 

For example if we have the following context defined in the `.m365rc.json` file
```json
{
  "context": {
    "groupName": "test group",
    "listTitle": "test list"
  }
}
```

And we will execute the following command: 
```powershell
m365 spo listitem list --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/sample"
```

The command is missing the `listTitle` required option but instead of failing it will be executed as this option is present in the current context. The `groupName` option will not be used from the context as the `spo listitem list` command does not have it.

When the same option is defined in the context and also in the command itself then the value defined in the command will be used.

> ## Guidance

Reviewer: What you describe here is how to get started using the context. I think it belongs above the current 'How does it work'  section. I think that's easier on the user to follow along.

So, from the top:
1. What is a context and why would you use it
2. How to get started using the context
3. How does it work

Author: ok. I updated the order and the title of the paragraphs

## How does it work

> When a command is executed CLI will first check for the `.m365rc.json` file in the current directory (this is where the context is saved once you set any option). If present, CLI will parse the context object and check if any of the options defined in it may be used for the currently executed command. If yes CLI will execute this command with the option and its value taken from the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a command is executed CLI will first check for the `.m365rc.json` file in the working directory. If present, the CLI will check if any of the options defined in it may be used for the currently executed command. If that's the case the CLI will execute this command with the option and its value taken from the context.
```

> 

Reviewer: Is it an idea to include headers here?

```suggestion

### Example 1:
```

Author: actually, I don't agree with this one. Here the example is only added to provide more context to the above explanation 😉. The real full example is described below

Reviewer: It's currently a bit odd to run into an examples header after having read an example 😀 
Do you have other ideas? Maybe include all the examples under the single Examples header?

Author: Or Let's just remove this example that provided more context 🤔?
O let's name the it?
`## Scenario`
🤔

Reviewer: Yes, maybe removing it would be the best. It's already covered in the other example. 
Removing it makes the page more concise.

> For example if we have the following context defined in the `.m365rc.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if we have the following context defined in the `.m365rc.json` file:
```

```json
{
  "context": {
    "groupName": "test group",
    "listTitle": "test list"
  }
}
```

And we will execute the following command:
```powershell
m365 spo listitem list --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/sample"
```

The command is missing the `listTitle` required option but instead of failing it will be executed as this option is present in the current context. The `groupName` option will not be used from the context as the `spo listitem list` command does not have it.

When the same option is defined in the context and also in the command itself then the value defined in the command will be used.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2
```

Author: as my previous comment. The previous small example was only to provide context. This was the only 'real' example I planned in this article showing the full scenario.  TBH I would leave it as is

> Considering the below context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the below context:
```

Reviewer: `Consider` is more like you direct the reader to give his attention to what follows. The sentence is complete.
If you use the variant with considering, it looks like the sentence is not complete. You expect to need to read on: "Considering the below context _you can see bla bla bla_" or some such.

Reviewer: It's an imperative... the same as:

"Take a look at the following code"

```json
{
  "context": {
    "groupName": "test group",
    "listTitle": "test list"
  }
}
```

When we execute:
```powershell
m365 context option set --name "webUrl" --value "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/sample"
```

The result of the above will be a new option added to the context:
```json
{
  "context": {
    "groupName": "test group",

>     "listTitle": "test list",

Reviewer: Let's use real world examples for data. 

A better group name would be the Sales group. for example... 

Better list names might be like those you find when creating a new list in the SPO UI:
- issue tracker
- Expense tracker
- Gift ideas

things like that.

Author: good idea. changed to your suggestion 👍
